this is welcome back to cookingwithalia
the show that we've seen the flavors of
morocco many viewers have asked me to
show them how to make Merguez or matte
gas which is basically a North African
lamb or beef sausage they're small the
red you fight them with a little bit of
olive oil or butter and they're
delicious in a sandwich they're very
very popular in Morocco Tunisia Algeria
and many countries in North Africa so
the thing is to make Merguez i need
lemon - Stein I know it sounds gross but
that's what the outside of the Merguez
is it's a land and design and you need
the tools to fill it with the ground
meat and Alessa too much work for me as
you may know by now I like super easy
recipes that are fast and super
delicious so what I'm going to show you
how to make today is the filling of the
Merguez we're going basically to a
spiced up with ground beef you can also
use ground lamb marinate it overnight
and then shape it into sausage format
and then fry it with a little bit of
olive oil or butter and it's going to
taste the same as a rare gas and even
better because you're going to make it
today so this is a super easy recipe and
you're going to love it so let's start
the first step is to prepare the spice
mixture for the spices I'm going to use
salt paprika cumin cinnamon and a little
bit of Russell Hammond and absolute is a
Moroccan spice that is a mixture of
multiple multiple spices it literally
means the head of the shop and it's a
spice mixture that many shops in Morocco
make their own so one recipe is never
the same from one shop to the other but
now you can buy it actually in little
bottle so you can find it online or you
can buy from Morocco if you travel there
and if you don't have it
about it you can just give it we're also
going to use fennel seeds and coriander
seeds I like to use the seeds because
when you crush them with the rest of the
spices they have wonderful aromas
however if you don't want to crush them
and it takes too much time for you you
can just buy them ground so I'm going to
do is put on the fennel seeds and
coriander seeds in my bowl here and then
add the rest of the spices and using my
mortar I'm going to crush all the spices
like this so make sure that all the
seeds are crushed the other secret
ingredient in this recipe is a heavy saw
Edison is basically North African red
pepper sauce that can go from mild to
very spicy I'm using my little result
it's very very tasty you can add it with
a lot of other dishes but if you cannot
find it you can use just a regular hot
sauce or if you really can't find it or
you don't like hot sauce you can't just
skip it but nowadays you can find it in
multiple supermarkets online I didn't
have any trouble finding it here so
we'll just add that to our spices and
also add chili sliced garlic and I'm
going to continue mixing it and crushing
the garlic I added the spice mixture
over my ground beef if you prefer you
can use ground lamb and I'm also going
to add olive oil and all you have to do
now is actually mix all the ingredients
together easy right so all I have to do
now is cover your bowl with a plastic
wrap we're going to let the meat
marinate in the fridge for at least two
to three hours preferably overnight so
it's better if you prefer to the night
before and then cook it for lunch or
dinner the next day and that's it to the
fridge now that the meat is ready I'm
going to place it in skewers so I'm just
used
whoops viewers and you can use the
skewers of your choice basically put up
a little bit of their needs here its
tick some of them unity and just press
it against the skewer like this in a
long cylinder and it has basically the
shape of a bear guess which is a little
sausage instead of putting them excuse
like this you can make them into a
hamburger or any shape of your choice
but I choose to put them in skewers like
this because it has a shape off on their
gas so now all we have to do is grill
them I'm going to use my grilling plate
it's basically plates I put on my stove
put a little bit of olive oil and Grill
them there
you can also barbecue them that's it I'm
using my grilling plates on medium-high
and I'm going to drizzle a little bit of
olive oil and now I'm going to start
grilling my skewers make sure to turn
the skewers on all sides so that the
meat cooks from all different sides
press a little bit underneath to make
sure that it cooks well also make sure
not to overcook them so cook them just
enough for the meat nuts to become
things you know so all the pink pieces
should become a little ground when the
skewers are ready you basically serve
them on a lettuce bed or rice or
vegetables and you can keep them in the
skewers or actually just remove them if
you want now it's time to taste
oh so flavorful it tastes like America's
guys you have to try this recipe and let
me know anything I'm sure you're going
to love it so see you next time Bon
Appetit